{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans;}{\f4\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Lucida Sans;}{\f5\froman\fprq0\fcharset128 ;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0\kerning0\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af6\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning0\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb120\sa120\cf0\i\kerning0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af0\ai\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning0\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Index;}
}{\info{\author Shubhansh Varsyayan}{\creatim\yr2017\mo4\dy2\hr19\min18}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4120}}\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
I still can't believe Egon did this. Asshole.\'94 Karen snorted, while slowly consoling her friend. \'93Let me get you another drink. Two more rounds of Firefly.\'94 she said to the bartender. }
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
My bed!, on my own bed.\'94 Chanel blurted between her drinks. She was here to be wasted. Its not everyday you come home to find your fiancee in bed with another women.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Baby its not what you think.\'94 even after being caught with his pants down to ankle and penis half buried in that blonde, he had the audacity to reason. The girl looked duped and didn't try to cover herself. }
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Who is this bitch standing at the door honey? Is she here to join us. More the merrier.\'94 Her voice was slurry and she reeked of alcohol.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Chanel couldn't take anymore and picked the baseball bat that Egon had kept behind the door. The blonde saw the bat and look at Chanel's face. That was enough to bring her to senses and she lunged towards the door and ran out pushing Chanel sideways. Running with your pants down to ankle is difficult task and Egon learned it the hard way. Bat him in the back. \'93It hurts bitch.\'94 he barked and tried to catch Chanel, who was breathing anger now. He picked up the wooden chair kept near their nightstand to his defense. Something hit Chanel in back of her head and she turned to see the blonde with frying pan in her hand. Chanel roared and swung her bat with all her might. She missed by a whisker but it was enough to make her poor attacked piss in her panties. }
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Egon had said his fiancee was out of the town and won't return before tomorrow. They got high before Egon took her to his home. She hoped for a good night of sex and here she faced a mad women swinging a baseball bat,. This was not what she signed for and she peed in her panties. She started crying and Chanel stopped to see her. Egon saw his moment and ran out of the house. He had put his pants back up in all the hustle of the two girls.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Chanel threw the blonde's clothes at her and pushed her outside. She closed the door and cried. Egon had cheated on her. She went to the washroom and flushed the engagement ring. It was hours before she moved from her spot. She needed to get out of the house. She went in the room but couldn't get herself to look at the bed. Every corner screamed of Egon's infidelity. }
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Karen returned with their shots and put them in front of Chanel. She was inconsolable now. Her weepings drew attention from the Indian guy sitting next table. He gave her a look of annoyance and got busy with his drink again. He wanted to finish his drink in peace but the redhead and her petite friend's cryings were a constant distraction. If she was always such a cry baby no wonder her fiance has cheated on her. Yes, he had overheard their conversation. He looked at her again and something caught his attention. It were her eyes. He knew all too well the emotion they were showcasing. Those little green emeralds were hurt beyond measure. She was not a tall girl, something around 5'5\'94 in those 2 inch heels. Her jet black hair cut in the little pixie cut }{{\*\bkmkstart __DdeLink__0_942322186}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
accentuated}{{\*\bkmkend __DdeLink__0_942322186}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 the near pale skin. For such a petite woman, she had generous curves. She was wearing an orange and yellow sundress, little out of place for a nightclub but she looked at home in it. Now that he looked her, she was easy on his eyes. A little less drinking and crying and she could be worth knowing. }
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch
\'93}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
What is that he keeps looking on?\'94 the redhead Karen whispered in Chanel's ears as she spotted the Indian guy looking with intent towards her friend.  Chanel glanced towards the man her friend was pointing to. It was an Indian guy, probably in his late thirties or early forties with tinge of gray hair. All Indians looked same to her. Brown skin, dark hair, bit obese and most of them living in an alternate reality called IT. }
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Chanel was in bad place. It had been a week since she caught Egon cheating, and ever since she has been holed in sulking. She took a month off without pay from her office and went into complete recluse. Karen thought a little girls night out might help her friend come to terms with reality and maybe take a step towards normalcy, but till now this night has been a total bust. Chanel refused to leave her seat and talk to anyone. She was still in her self loathing phase where you blame yourself for all the wrong that has happened. }
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par }